Add `configurationComment` configuration property (#6629)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/user-guide/configure.md

[More info](options.md#ignoredisables).

> ### `configurationComment`

Reviewer: [ask] This new section is inserted under the `ignoreDisables` section, but is there any reason to do that?

Author: Felt related to disabling stuff but I wasn't sure the best place to put it so definitely open to moving it somewhere else that it fits better

Reviewer 2: Let's move it to above `ignoreDisables` and make it a `##` heading.

Author: Updated

> You can set the `configurationComment` to change the prefix of stylelint commands used in `stylelint-disable` comments. This can be useful if you expect to have multiple instances of stylelint with different configurations running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can set what configuration comments like `/* stylelint-disable */` start with. This can be useful if you use multiple instances of Stylelint with different configurations.

```

> For example, to have stylelint disable rules with `/* stylelint-special-rules-disable */` instead of the default `/* stylelint-disable */`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, to have an instance of Stylelint disable rules with `/* stylelint-foo-instance-disable */` instead of the default `/* stylelint-disable */`:
```

```json
{

>   "configurationComment": "stylelint-special-rules"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "configurationComment": "stylelint-foo-instance"
```

>   "configurationComment": "stylelint-special-rules-"

Reviewer: [suggest] `configurationComment` is not for a prefix, so is the following correct?

```suggestion
  "configurationComment": "stylelint-special-rules"
```

Author: Good catch, fixed!
